Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another drill on this course on Aruba.
And in this story, we are going to be discussing about variables and constant now talking about ruby
variables.
A variable is basically a symbol or a name that stands for a value.
Now, variables locate in memory location and are used to store values such as numeric values, characters,
character strings or memory addresses so that they can be used in any part of the program you want to
use them.
Now, there are different type of variables and constants that are supported by Ruby starting on with
the first one that is the local variable, not a local variable name must start with a lowercase letter
or an underscore with the eight bit set.
Now, if you talk about the scope of the local variable, a local variable is only accessible from within
the block of its initialization or what is a block?
A block is basically some restriction of a code.
For example, if you are using a loop, then for that you have to implement a block.
And if you initialize some variable in that, then that is going to be accessible only in that specific
block of the code.
It is not going to be accessible outside that.
Now, what is all that stuff you will be covering that in the future, but for now you only need to
understand that the local variable is only accessible within the lock of its initialization now local
variables and methods.
We have also in Ruby, in Ruby, local variable names and method names are nearly identical.
If you have not assigned to one of these ambiguous names, Ruby will, as you may wish to call a method.
Now, once you have assigned to the name Ruby will assume you wish to reference to a local variable.
So the local variable is created when the parser encounters the assignment, not when the assignment
occur.
The second Hruby variable we have is the instance variable, now an instance variable are shared across
all methods for the same object.
I repeat, instant variable are shared across all met methods for the same object, which means that
the instance variable must follow the rules of a local variable name.
Now, if you talk about the syntax of the local variable instance variable, it basically starts with
the ACT character assign.
The next one we have are the glass variables now glass variables are shared between a glass, it's subclauses
and it's instances.
A glass variable must start with a double add signs.
The rest of the name follows the same rules as that of instanced variables.
Then we have the global variables in Ruby.
A global variable starts with a dollar sign.
The rest of the name follows the same rules as that of instanced variables.
And global variable is basically what is accessible everywhere and every kind of block.
Outside the block, inside the block, throughout your code, global variable is going to be accessible.
So Ruby has some special Globalstar that behave differently depending on the context, such as the regular
expression match variables are that have a side effect when assigned to.
We'll be discussing that so that we have finally the ruby Constance, now a veritable whose name begins
with an uppercase letter, basically a constant, and that is basically the ID for a constant.
Now, a constant can be reassigned, a value after its initialization, but doing so will generate a
warning.
Now, every class is a constant, trying to access an unlimited constant raise the name error exception.
So we will be showing you all of that, these variables at the end of the tutorial, but before that,
we have to discuss some pseudo variables.
Now, the first one is the South.
And if you talk about its description, it is basically the execution context of the current matter.
The next one is an L, which expresses nothing.
If you are familiar with C or C++, then in both we have an idea.
But sorry, we have the end you.
But in Ruby we have the L in place of and you.
So it expresses nothing and also is considered to be false and every other value is considered to be
true in a ruby.
Then we have the true expression that expresses Strew and then we have the false which expresses the
false.
Then we have the dollar one dollar to uptalk dollar nine.
And these are basically contents of capturing groups for a regular expression, matches their local
to the current threat and the stack frame.
Then we have some predefined variables starting on with a dollar sign exclamation mark that is basically
the exception information message set by the last race.
Then we have the dollar sign add sign, which basically is the array of the backtrace of the last exception
through.
And then we have a dollar Dorasan with an enzyme that is basically for the string matched by the last
successful pattern that match in this scope.
Then we have the next one that is a dollar and a dash at the top.
That is basically the string to the left of the last successful match.
Then we have a negation on the dollar sign that is for the strength of the right of the last successful
match.
Then we have the dollar plus sign that indicates the last drop of the last successful match, then from
the dollar one to dollar nine.
That is the end of the last successful regular expression match.
Then we have the dollar sign with the magician Mogg.
That is for the information about the last match in the grand scope.
Then with the equal, do we have the flag for case insensitive and ill by default?
If you just leave it, then we have the dollar sign with the backslash.
That is the input record separator.
That is new line by default.
Some more predefined variables.
The dollar sign was the front.
That is for the output records operator for the print and I all right, and its default is also going
to be no.
Then with the comma we have the output fee separator for the print and our joint.
Then we have with the semicolon, that is the default separator for string split than with the DOT.
We have the current in line number of the last one that was read.
Now of the less than sign we have then object that provide access to the concatenation of the content
of all the files given us.
Command line arguments are the standard in that is basically in the case where there are no arguments
and it is only read only then we have the final name, the Grundon put filename that is basically four
dollar less than DOT for the same as dollar, less than dot filename.
And we have the dollars and will create a sign that is for the destination of output for the kernel
dot print and colonel dot print f and its default is going to be send it out.
Then with underscore we have the last input line of the string by gets our read line then with zero
we have contains the name of the script being executed, maybe assignable and then with the Starick
we have the command line arguments given for the script also known as the a r g.
We.
So let me show you some more predefined variables over here.
We have no dollar sign.
That is the precise number of the drug running the script.
Then we have the dollar question mark that is for the status of the last executer trial process done
with the call.
And we have the last part for scripts and Bindery Module's by Lotoro require.
Then we have the double exclamation mark that is for the array contains the module end loaded by requiring.
Then we have the standard error with a dollar sign that is for the current standard error output and
then for the standard.
And we have the current standard board and with the standard out we have the current standard output.
Then with a dash, do we have the state of the Dashty switch that is assignable and then what?
The Dastgir we have the character encoding of the source code.
And finally for the dash, we we have the verbals flag which is set by the dash we switch.
So talking about some more predefined variables over here, we have with a dash that it's true if option
dash, that is the autopilot mode is set and it is only read only variable now with a dash if and in
place edit mode.
Instead, this variable holds the extension.
Otherwise it is going to be no.
If nothing is set it then what.
The dash one we have true app option dash one is set line ending processing is on and it is also agreed
only variable and with a dash B it is true if option B is set that is the loop mode is on and it is
also a read-only.
And then finally with Dashti we have a true option.
The dash W is set.
Now talking about the predefined constant, so here we have the file that specifies the current file
and for the line, it specifies the current line and what these are D.A. it shows the current directory.
So you don't need to worry about all of these, basically, these are what we are going to be discussing
in the future tutorials, the purpose of this tutorial was to just give you a brief description of all
of these predefined variables and predefined constants.
It's altered to suit the variables over here.
So let's just talk about some examples here.
So I will just go on to my Adam compiler here and talking about the variables.
The first one was the local variables or local variable, as I told you, is going to be assigned in
a very simple way, that is with a lowercase letter or an endoscope.
So we are going to let's just sign it and let's just I want to say it equal to five and let's say I
want to print it out.
So we just specify puts it and it just press on plus r you can see the pipe has been printed because
it contains this five.
Then to specify this as an instance variable, you have to specify at the rate with it at the rate of
a hair as well.
And that is going to be treated as an instance variable now.
Plus R is going to generate the output for you.
And if you specify double at the rate, what it.
You have to specify double here as well, all plus are, and the answer has been generated by the you
can see that it is giving you the warning at the last variable access from top level is done because
it is a glassy level variable.
That's why this warning was generated.
And now if you want to do it as a global variable, you have to specify the dollar sign.
Dollar sign of here as well.
All plus are and the pipe is going to be generated and now it is a global variable.
Now he's going to make it a constant what do you have to do is that he have to specify a capital with
it.
Capital apprehended over here as well.
All plus hour and five is going to be generated now if I want to reassign this, a new value, let's
say six, and now I specify both.
Capitally, I press all are it is giving me the output, but as I told you, that for constant value
once assigned, if you reassigns some value to a constant value, again, it is going to give you a
warning.
And as you can see the warning, it says previous definition of it was already here and it says that
already initialized constant A as a constant.
So that's why when you reassigned it, it generated a warning message for you.
It did.
The output for you, for Sprenger text was printed successfully, but it generated the warning message
for you as well.
So that's how basically local global instance, variable and class variables and constraints are used
in Ruby.
Now, talking about the second part that deals with the parameters we have just discussed that were
basically predefined, constant, the predefined variables that we will be discussing in the future
tutorials, because for that, this tutorial as a w the purpose was just to give you a brief description
of all of those.
So I guess.
That's it for this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching and I'll see you guys in the next oratorio.